Once upon a time, on an ice shelf at the top of the world where the wind sang a constant low note and the sky was almost always some shade of extraordinary, there lived a playful polar bear named Otto. [long pause]
Otto was large and white and built for exactly this place — his thick fur held the cold out the way a good house holds out rain, and his broad paws were perfect for the ice. He was, by any measure, at home. But there was one thing Otto had never done, despite having thought about it quite a lot. [sighs]
He had never slid all the way down the great icy slide. [beat]
The great icy slide was a long slope of polished ice that ran from the top of a pressure ridge all the way down to the frozen sea below. Other polar bears slid it sometimes, usually the younger ones, with a great deal of shouting and spray. Otto had always watched from the top, thought about going, and then found a reason not to.
Today was different. Today it had snowed fresh overnight, and the new snowflakes had dusted the icy slide with the finest, most perfect layer of powder — so that it caught the Arctic light and sparkled from top to bottom like a road made of diamonds. [softly]
Otto stood at the top and looked down. [with growing realization]
His snowflake friends — three young cubs from the neighboring family — sat at the bottom looking up. "Come on, Otto!" they called, their voices thin and bright in the cold air.
Otto looked at the sparkling icy slide. He looked at his large paws. He looked at the sky — clear and impossibly blue above him. [beat]
He sat down. He gave himself one small push.
[abruptly] The icy slide was very fast.
Much faster than he had expected. The new snowflakes flew up around him in a glittering cloud. The wind pulled his ears back. The frozen sea below grew very large very quickly. He was going at a speed that, had he thought about it, he would have found alarming — but he wasn't thinking. He was laughing. [pacing]
He hit the bottom in an enormous spray of ice crystals and came to rest in a soft snowbank, on his back, staring up at the blue Arctic sky.
[softly] The three cubs piled onto him immediately. "Again?" they asked.
Otto considered his options. "Again," he said.
The end. Sweet dreams, little one.
