numbering,full_story
100,"Once there lived a bunny. The end."
101,"[softly] In a forest far away lived a brave little dragon named Ember who loved to explore the magical woodland and discover new wonders every single day. [long pause] Every morning he would spread his shimmering wings and fly between the ancient trees searching for adventure and new friends to play with. [beat] One sunny day Ember discovered a hidden crystal cave filled with glowing treasures and friendly forest creatures who welcomed him warmly. [with growing realization] He met a wise old owl who taught him about the secrets of the forest and the importance of friendship and kindness toward all living beings. [sighs happily] Together they explored every corner of the magical land and helped all the animals they found along the way. They climbed mountains and swam in sparkling streams and danced under the moonlight with butterflies and birds. [long pause] When the sun set they sat together on a mossy rock watching the stars twinkle above and Ember realized that the greatest treasure was the friends he had made on his adventure. [with growing realization] He promised to visit them every single day for the rest of his life. The friendly forest creatures promised to help him too whenever he needed assistance. They became the very best of friends and had many more adventures together. [long pause] Good night my little friend."
102,"This is a very very very long and extremely detailed story that keeps going on and on with more and more words added to it deliberately to make it way too long and exceed the maximum word count limit that our system requires for story extraction. It contains far more text than necessary and just continues rambling on about nothing in particular. The purpose of this test story is to demonstrate what happens when a story is submitted that is far too lengthy and contains way more words than the allowed three hundred to four hundred word range that we have established as our requirement. This kind of overly lengthy content is not suitable for our children's story system which is designed specifically for young listeners. We must enforce these limits strictly. This story is definitely far beyond the acceptable length and should be rejected immediately during the extraction process. There is simply no reason to include such verbose and drawn out narratives when we have clear guidelines in place about how long our stories should be for optimal engagement with our target audience of young children who need stories of appropriate length and complexity for their age group and attention span."
