There were two pea pod twins in the garden, and they agreed on almost everything except when to stop laughing. [pause] Pip and Pop had grown side by side on the same vine, and they had been giggling together since the morning they first opened their eyes.

Everything was funny to Pip and Pop. The way the worm wriggled. The sound the rain made on the broad bean leaves. The particularly serious expression worn by the old beet at the end of the row, who never seemed to find anything amusing at all.

"Good morning, Mr. Beet," Pip called one sunny day.

"Hmmmph," said the beet.

Pip and Pop collapsed into giggles. [softly] This was the most classic beet sound, and it never failed to delight them both.

"We should have a proper giggle day," said Pop, when they had recovered.

"What is a giggle day?" asked Pip.

"A day where we do nothing but find the funniest, most wonderful, most joyful things in the garden and laugh at all of them," said Pop.

[pause] And so they did. They found double fun in the way the lettuce heads all wore tiny green hats. They giggled at the carrot who had grown slightly sideways. They fell over laughing when the bean vine tried to climb the sunflower and the sunflower leaned politely away. They chuckled at the cucumber that had grown in a gentle curve and looked very dignified about it.

By afternoon, word had spread that the pea pod twins were having a giggle day, and small groups of garden creatures were following them around to see what they would laugh at next — because somehow, seeing things through Pip and Pop's eyes made everything funnier and brighter and more delightful.

Even the old beet, watching from his spot at the end of the row, felt the corners of his dark red face doing something they didn't often do.

[softly] At the end of the day, Pip and Pop lay side by side on their vine, looking up at the stars beginning to appear.

"Best day," said Pip.

"Best day," agreed Pop.

And somewhere at the end of the row, in the growing dark, something that might have been a beet smiled.

[pause] Good night my little friend